hi there my name is dr. Tyson Tabora and
I'm doing a video testimonial for Silvio
Perez he helped increase my visibility
on the website through my Google ad
pay-per-click campaign he was very
informative and communicated throughout
the whole process
he took the visibility of my ads and
increased them so that I have more
prospective patients coming into the
office I was previously doing it all on
my own and was seeing very little
generated leads coming through Google
Ads campaign but after Silvio took over
and improved my keywords and in ads I
saw a tremendous increase in the amount
of patients that I've been seeing and as
well as the amount of leads generated
through Google ads pay-per-click
campaign so I'm very appreciative for
what Silvio has done for me and my in my
small business and I highly recommend
him for all of your Google ads
pay-per-click campaigns and any further
internet questions as far as running a
small business with ads with with Silvio
Perez so thank you very much